AppleYesterday 11:25 PM
Hello, 

Thank you for submitting the new app, FitForgeX, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: 95579e42-6477-4f16-bde4-bbccf02a4959
Review date: December 30, 2025
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0.1


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 13-inch iPad screenshots show an iPhone image that has been modified or stretched to appear to be an iPad image. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The app's binary is missing the following required information:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA)
- A functional link to the privacy policy

The app's metadata is missing the following required information:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the app binary and metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the binary:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the in-app purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.


Guideline 1.4.1 - Safety - Physical Harm

The app includes medical information but does not include citations for the medical information. 

Specifically, the app provides health or medical recommendations, references, and wellness reports in the app without citations, such as links to sources for this information.

All apps with medical and health information should include citations to ensure users are provided accurate information.

Next Steps

Include citations in the app of the sources of the recommendations or information, such as links to those sources. The citations to the sources should be easy for the user to find. 

Resources 

Learn more about requirements for medical apps in guideline 1.4.1.
